"# Szakdolgozat-2019-Thesis"  
Abstract:
Personally, I think there is a huge future for any kind of Virtual Reality and Augmented Reality based technologies. However, in the last 5+ years, these technologies were strongly present in the Game industry alongside some other 3D based fields such as: architecting, designing, furnishing and so forth. Still, there are a lot of untapped fields full of opportunities using both VR, AR, and Mixed Reality technologies.
As a certified Personal Trainer, I think health should be primary for everybody and living an active lifestyle is pretty important for long-lasting life. Since I am also a fitness enthusiast I came up with the idea to combine software development with my hobby. In this project, my number one goal was to create a demo application which gets more and more people to stand up and burn some calories. Also to get those youngsters who spend most of their time playing video games to step out from their comfort zone without even realizing it. Moreso to get them to enjoy moving and jumping around.
In the last semester, I had a project in which I started to work, understand and get to know a 3D Motion Tracking Sensor System called Notch Pioneer Kit. I also got myself introduced to the Android SDK of this system.
At the beginning of my project implemented an Android Service to support real-time communication between the sensors and a sample Unity App.  Based on this service designed and developed an Android game in Unity where the player has to get into the right position using only his/her upper body to avoid to get pushed into a water pool by a wall moving towards the player. The player’s body position is captured in real-time using previously mentioned motion tracking sensors.
The Virtual Reality feeling can be experienced using a simple VR headset. I tested and optimized the game with a Google Cardboard based on my own and my friends’ user experience.
